resources/BucketNotification/README.md, before:

# AwsLabs::S3::BucketNotification

This CloudFormation registry extension resource type allows you to specify S3
bucket notifications one at a time, in a way that does not result in a circular
dependency error in your template.

Note that this resource intentionally introduces drift into your template,
since the official way to configure bucket notifications is to specify them as
part of the `AWS::S3::Bucket` resource.

## Sample template

```yml
Resources:
  Queue:
    Type: AWS::SQS::Queue
  Bucket:
    Type: AWS::S3::Bucket
  Notification:
    Type: AwsCommunity::S3::BucketNotification
    Properties:
      Id: MyNotification
      Events: 
        - s3:ObjectCreated:*
      Filters:
        - Name: suffix
          Value: gif
      BucketArn: !GetAtt Bucket.Arn
      TargetType: Queue
      TargetArn: !GetAtt Queue.Arn
    DependsOn:
      - Bucket
      - Queue
```

## Development

Open two tabs in your terminal.

Create a virtual environment.

```sh
cd resources/BucketNotification
python3 -m venv .env
source .env/bin/activate
cd src
pip install -r requirements.txt
cd ..
```

In the other tab, run SAM local:

```sh
cd resources/BucketNotification
source .env/bin/activaate
sam local start-lambda
```

Keep in mind that SAM local testing only simulates lambda locally, it will make SDK 
calls into your account and create resources!

In the first tab:

```sh
./run-test.sh
```

If you don't have a default profile set up on your machine, you can do this:

```sh
AWS_PROFILE=my-profile ./run-test.sh
```

The `run-test.sh` script runs pylint and does a `cfn submit --dry-run`, which is necessary to create the build folder that SAM relies on.

There is also an integ test you can run to test the SDK calls without using SAM.
It also creates resources in your account.

```sh
cd src
python3 run_integ_test.py --profile your-aws-profile-name
```

Commit message:

chore(release): Contributor guidelines and release process (#11)
* Contributing, release, unignore inputs

* Creating setup yaml for inputs

* Changing BucketNotification to match CONTRIBUTING guidelines

* Unignoring inputs and adding setup.yml

* Contributor guidelines and release process

* Minor readme changes

* Update CONTRIBUTING.md

Co-authored-by: Matteo Rinaudo <52245107+mrinaudo-aws@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update CONTRIBUTING.md

Co-authored-by: Matteo Rinaudo <52245107+mrinaudo-aws@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update CONTRIBUTING.md

Co-authored-by: Matteo Rinaudo <52245107+mrinaudo-aws@users.noreply.github.com>

* Minor changes to contributor guide

Co-authored-by: Eric Z. Beard <ezbeard@amazon.com>
Co-authored-by: Matteo Rinaudo <52245107+mrinaudo-aws@users.noreply.github.com>

resources/BucketNotification/README.md, after:

# AwsLabs::S3::BucketNotification

This CloudFormation registry extension resource type allows you to specify S3
bucket notifications one at a time, in a way that does not result in a circular
dependency error in your template.

Note that this resource intentionally introduces drift into your template,
since the official way to configure bucket notifications is to specify them as
part of the `AWS::S3::Bucket` resource.

## Sample template

```yml
Resources:
  Queue:
    Type: AWS::SQS::Queue
  Bucket:
    Type: AWS::S3::Bucket
  Notification:
    Type: AwsCommunity::S3::BucketNotification
    Properties:
      Id: MyNotification
      Events: 
        - s3:ObjectCreated:*
      Filters:
        - Name: suffix
          Value: gif
      BucketArn: !GetAtt Bucket.Arn
      TargetType: Queue
      TargetArn: !GetAtt Queue.Arn
    DependsOn:
      - Bucket
      - Queue
```

## Development

Open two tabs in your terminal.

Create a virtual environment.

```sh
cd resources/BucketNotification
python3 -m venv .env
source .env/bin/activate
cd src
pip install -r requirements.txt
cd ..
```

In the other tab, run SAM local:

```sh
cd resources/BucketNotification
source .env/bin/activaate
sam local start-lambda
```

Keep in mind that SAM local testing only simulates lambda locally, it will make SDK 
calls into your account and create resources!

Create the setup stack so that contract tests have something to interact with in your account.

```sh
aws cloudformation create-stack --stack-name bucketnotification-setup \
    --template-body file://test/setup.yml
```

In the first tab:

```sh
./run-test.sh
```

If you don't have a default profile set up on your machine, you can do this:

```sh
AWS_PROFILE=my-profile ./run-test.sh
```

The `run-test.sh` script runs pylint and does a `cfn submit --dry-run`, which is necessary to create the build folder that SAM relies on.

There is also an integ test you can run to test the SDK calls without using SAM.
It also creates resources in your account.

```sh
cd src
python3 run_integ_test.py --profile your-aws-profile-name
```
